Popover.pane - Adding max and min height to popover pane (#11535)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/four-pens-dress.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Adding maxHeight and minHeight as props to Popover.Pane and Combobox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for setting `maxHeight` and `minHeight` on `Popover.Pane` and `Combobox`
```
